Education, Inspiration & Events
Manifold offers the following courses, events and lectures:

Courses: (Danish)
Tegn dit drømmehus! - introduktion til arkitektur

Events: (Danish/English)
Before Architecture - a megagame about global sustainability (2 days/8 - 40 people)
Rumlig Skattejagt/Spatial Treasurehunt - an event for non-architects- Explore your surroundings! (½ day)
Perspective Game - Team Building Game for firms and offices. During the game, the city and your colleagues show themselves in new perspectives.
IdenCity Workshop

For more, go to MANIFOLD GAMES.

Lectures: (Danish/English)
Introduction to modern architecture, for clients.
Forstadshus/Suburban House - a vision about sustainable architecture
Minsk - discovery of the ideal communist city


B2B Architectural Assistance
Manifold offers the following assistance to other architectual offices:

Conceptual work and inspiration in sketches, text and photos, as part of development team
'Manifold travels a lot and keeps a good eye on the development, and so is a good source of inspiration and ideas.'

AutoCAD drawings and project management
Currently Manifold mostly seeks involvement in larger projects

3D modelling and rendering

Presentations in Flash or PowerPoint

Text and Journalism
Manifold offers the following types of texts:
Architectual Journalism - articles, interviews, travel letters and critics
Architectual Describtion - project describtion from concept to technical details


Manifold Architecture
Manifold does projects and concepts for all sorts of spaces and structures from town-scale to single rooms.
Using and arhcitect means quality and unique experiences for the clients, which should be important parameters when using large amounts of ressources. The aim of Manifold is to make not only beautiful and interesting projects, but also processes where all parts have fun. Hence, part of a project is the project design.
Manifold Architecture builds on the following values:

Sustainability - financially, technically, socially, and as a whole. The style of Manifold reflects the will to use the ressources on the real qualities and good, lasting stories.
Edge - the intent to puish concepts to an extreme degree and not be afraid of doing something special.
Exploration - openess towards unexpected possibilities and parameters.
Joy - the intent of creating daily happiness and well-being for users and client, in process and in product.


Manifold Design
The design-part of the Manifold office is currently mostly experimental and as such just a source of inspiration and exploration for the dominant architecture part. The focus is mainly on cheap ways of getting to nice effects fpr example using waste material in new connection.
Offers:
Interior concepts
From wild ideas to help with placement of furnitures.
Lightning concepts
Focus on the light effect rather than the shape of the armature